DECONSTRUCTORS Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you use Krono.

PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT

When you use the mobile application, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your mobile device, IP address, time zone, and location of your device. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”

We collect Device Information using the following technologies:

    
“Log files” track actions occurring on the application, and collect data including your IP address, device type, Internet service provider, and date/time stamps.

When you register an account, your personal information is securely stored on Google data servers. Your password is hashed and is not recognizable. Additionally, any information entered as part of normal use of the application is stored in plain text on Google data servers.

When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.

HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?

We use the Plan and Activity Information that we collect only to persist your Plans and Activities for use by you and your Friends on the application.

SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

Your information is shared with Google as part of a third-party storage and authentication service.

Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.

DATA RETENTION
When you save information using the application, we will maintain your Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.

CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.

CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at suptdeconstructors@gmail.com or by mail using the details provided below:

3201 Campus Dr, Klamath Falls, OR, 97601, United States
